# Lariat-Rental-Car

## Description
The purpose of the case study is to examine the cost and revenue of Lariat Rental and determine how to make better business decisions based on cost revenue data. 
In this project, I included 2 strategies that could be utilized to improve revenue. A dynamic dashboard is also included in this project that further breaks down how Lariat Rental is currently performing based on branch location. 

## Description of worksheets and new column names
1 car id mapping:  This worksheet contains entries for individual vehicles in the Lariat fleet. This worksheet tells you the make, model, and model year of each vehicle.
  * number of times rented: Counts how many times a vehicle was rented.
  * revenue_generated: calculates revenue generated by each vehicle based on the number of times it was rented and total cost to rent vehicle.

2 car costs: This worksheet contains data about the costs associated with each car in the fleet. The data is from the most recent year.
  * car_costs_yearly: This column calculates the car costs of maintaining rental vehicles based on their monthly car costs multiplying them by 12.
  * car_insurance_yearly: This column calculates the car insurance of rental vehicles based on their monthly car insurance costs and multiplying them by 12.

3 fixed car revenue: This worksheet contains data about individual rental transactions. For each transaction, you'll have data that outlines the total revenue generated by the transaction. You'll also see other details about the renter and the branch location.

  * price_of_rental: This column calculates the price of each vehicle's transaction based on rental length and price per day.
  * number_of_times_car_rented: This column calculates the number of times a vehicle was rented.
  * greater_than_13: This calculates whether or not a vehicle was rented over 13 times. If it was, the cell is marked as true, otherwise it is false.
  * rental-price_doubled: This column calculates the rental price. By using the price found in the price_of_rental cell and multiplying it by 2.

4 branch location: This worksheet contains information about each local branch of Lariat.
  * city_state: This column includes the city and state of a branch location.
  
Current revenue: This worksheet contains the current revenue generated by Lariat.

Model: This worksheet contains the current revenue of Lariat and 2 strategies that could be implemented to increase profits.

Profits per Car: This worksheet includes a pivot table of data of the profits that each vehicle brings in for Lariat.

Sum of Car Costs: This worksheet contains a pivot table of the sum of car costs and car insurance for each vehicle over the course of a year.

Dashboard: This worksheet contains a dynamic dashboard of revenue generated based on each branch location using pivot tables and charts.




